@comment $NetBSD$
bin/pudconvert
bin/wartool
games/aleonas_tales
games/wargus
share/applications/aleonas_tales.desktop
share/applications/wargus.desktop
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-exp/levelx01h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-exp/levelx02h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-exp/levelx03h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-exp/levelx04h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-exp/levelx05h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-exp/levelx06h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-exp/levelx07h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-exp/levelx08h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-exp/levelx09h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-exp/levelx10h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-exp/levelx11h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-exp/levelx12h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-ftm/1. Tutorial.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-ftm/1. Tutorial.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-ftm/1. Tutorial.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-ftm/1. Tutorial.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-ftm/2. Witch Hunt.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-ftm/2. Witch Hunt.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-ftm/2. Witch Hunt.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-ftm/3. Desert Survival.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-ftm/3. Desert Survival.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-ftm/3. Desert Survival.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/human-tales.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/interface/Act I - Coast of Blardneg.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/interface/Act_I_-_Coast_of_Blardneg.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/interface/introscreen1.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/interface/introscreen1.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level01h.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level01h.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level01h.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level01h.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level01h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level01h_c2.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level02a.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level02h.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level02h.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level02h.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level02h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level02h_c2.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level03h.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level03h.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level03h.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level03h.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level03h_ai.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level03h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level03h_c2.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level04h.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level04h.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level04h.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level04h.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level04h_ai.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level04h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level04h_c2.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level05h.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level05h.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level05h.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level05h_ai.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level05h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level05h_c2.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level06h.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level06h.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level06h.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level06h_ai.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level06h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level06h_c2.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level07h.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level07h.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level07h.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level08h.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level08h.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level10h.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level10h.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level10h.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level11h.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human-tales/level11h.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human/level01h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human/level02h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human/level03h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human/level04h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human/level05h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human/level06h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human/level07h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human/level08h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human/level09h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human/level10h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human/level11h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human/level12h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human/level13h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/human/level14h_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-exp/levelx01o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-exp/levelx02o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-exp/levelx03o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-exp/levelx04o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-exp/levelx05o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-exp/levelx06o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-exp/levelx07o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-exp/levelx08o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-exp/levelx09o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-exp/levelx10o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-exp/levelx11o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-exp/levelx12o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-ftm/level01o-intro1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-ftm/level01o.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-ftm/level01o.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-ftm/level01o.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-ftm/level01o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-ftm/level01o_c2.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc-ftm/orc-ftm.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc/level01o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc/level02o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc/level03o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc/level04o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc/level05o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc/level06o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc/level07o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc/level08o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc/level09o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc/level10o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc/level11o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc/level12o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc/level13o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/campaigns/orc/level14o_c.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/contrib/cross.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/contrib/food.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/contrib/health.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/contrib/health2.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/contrib/mana.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/contrib/mana2.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/contrib/ore,stone,coal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/contrib/red_cross.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/contrib/score.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/buildings/foundry construction site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/buildings/foundry_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/buildings/mythic_townhall.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/buildings/mythic_townhall.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/buildings/refinery construction site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/buildings/refinery_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/buildings/shipyard construction site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/buildings/shipyard_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/alliance destroyer.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/ballista.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/ballista.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/balloon.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/battleship.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/battleship.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/demolition squad.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/dwarven_demolition_squad.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/elven_archer.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/elven_destroyer.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/footman.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/footman.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/gnomish_flying_machine.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/gnomish_submarine.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/gryphon_rider.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/knight.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/knight.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/mage.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/mage.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/miner.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/miner.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/miner_gold.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/miner_lumber.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/oil tanker empty.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/oil tanker full.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/oil_tanker_empty.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/oil_tanker_full.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/peasant with gold.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/peasant with wood.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/peasant.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/peasant.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/peasant_with_gold.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/peasant_with_wood.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/submarine.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/transport.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/units/transport.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/human/x_startpoint.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/arrow.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/arrow.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/axe.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/axe.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/ballista bolt.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/ballista-catapult impact.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/ballista-catapult_impact.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/ballista_bolt.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/big fire.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/big_cannon.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/big_fire.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/blizzard.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/blizzard.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/cannon explosion.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/cannon-tower_explosion.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/cannon.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/cannon_explosion.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/catapult_rock.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/daemon_fire.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/death_and_decay.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/dragon_breath.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/exorcism.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/exorcism.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/explosion.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/explosion.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/fireball.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/flame shield.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/flame_shield.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/green cross.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/green_cross.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/gryphon hammer.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/gryphon_hammer.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/heal effect.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/heal_effect.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/lightning.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/lightning.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/normal_spell.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/red_cross.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/rune.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/rune.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/small fire.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/small_fire.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/submarine missile.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/submarine_missile.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/tornado.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/tornado.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/touch_of_death.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/turtle_missile.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/missiles/unit_shadow.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/neutral/buildings/circle of power.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/neutral/buildings/circle_of_power.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/neutral/buildings/land construction site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/neutral/buildings/land_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/neutral/buildings/oil patch.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/neutral/buildings/runestone.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/neutral/buildings/runestone.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/neutral/units/corpses.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/neutral/units/corpses.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/neutral/units/critter.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/neutral/units/critter.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/neutral/units/daemon.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/neutral/units/skeleton.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/neutral/units/skeleton.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/buildings/foundry_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/buildings/refinery construction site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/buildings/refinery_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/buildings/shipyard_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/o_startpoint.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/axethrower.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/black knight.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/catapult.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/death knight.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/death_knight.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/dragon.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/dragon.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/eye of vision.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/eye_of_kilrogg.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/faun with gold.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/faun with wood.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/faun.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/giant_turtle.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/goblin sappers.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/goblin_sappers.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/goblin_zeppelin.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/grunt.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/grunt_green.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/mythical destroyer.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/ogre.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/ogre_juggernaught.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/oil_tanker_empty.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/oil_tanker_full.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/peon.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/peon_with_gold.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/peon_with_wood.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/transport.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/transport.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/troll_axethrower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/troll_axethrower_green.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/troll_axethrower_red.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/troll_axethrower_yellow.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/orc/units/troll_destroyer.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/pandora/units/cannonship.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/pandora/units/cannonship.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/pandora/units/chessboarda.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/pandora/units/chessboardb.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/pandora/units/chesspieces.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/pandora/units/chesspieces.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/pandora/units/chesspieces2.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/pandora/units/footman.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/pandora/units/mage.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/temp_test/deleteme.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/temp_test/unit_ocer-soldier-masked.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/temp_test/unit_ocer-soldier.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/temp_test/unit_skiero-soldier-helmetless.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/temp_test/unit_skiero-soldier.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/alliance lumber mill.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/barracks.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/barracks.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/blacksmith.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/blacksmith.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/cannon tower.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/cannon_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/castle.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/castle.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/church.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/church.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/elven_lumber_mill.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/farm.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/farm.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/foundry.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/foundry.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/gnomish_inventor.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/gryphon aviary.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/gryphon_aviary.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/guard tower.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/guard_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/human lumber mill.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/human_lumber_mill.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/inventor.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/keep.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/keep.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/mage tower.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/mage_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/oil platform.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/oil well construction site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/oil_platform.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/oil_well_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/refinery.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/refinery.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/scout tower.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/scout_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/shipyard.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/shipyard.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/stables.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/stables.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/town hall.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/human/buildings/town_hall.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/icons.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/neutral/buildings/dark portal.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/neutral/buildings/dark_portal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/neutral/buildings/destroyed site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/neutral/buildings/destroyed_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/neutral/buildings/gold mine.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/neutral/buildings/gold_mine.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/neutral/buildings/oil patch.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/neutral/buildings/oil_patch.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/neutral/buildings/small destroyed site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/neutral/buildings/small_destroyed_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/neutral/buildings/wall.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/neutral/buildings/wall_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/neutral/units/critter.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/neutral/units/critter.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/altar_of_storms.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/altar_of_storms.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/barracks.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/barracks.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/blacksmith.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/cannon_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/dragon_roost.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/farm.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/fortress.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/fortress.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/foundry.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/goblin_alchemist.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/great hall.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/great_hall.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/guard_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/mythical lumber mill.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/ogre_mound.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/oil platform.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/oil well construction site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/oil_platform.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/oil_well_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/pig_farm.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/refinery.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/refinery.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/shipyard.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/stronghold.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/stronghold.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/temple of the damned.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/temple_of_the_damned.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/troll_lumber_mill.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/orc/buildings/watch_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/summer.gimp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/summer.rgb
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/terrain/summer.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/summer/terrain/summer.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/alliance lumber mill.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/barracks.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/barracks.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/blacksmith.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/blacksmith.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/cannon tower.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/cannon_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/castle.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/castle.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/church.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/church.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/elven_lumber_mill.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/farm.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/farm.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/foundry.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/foundry.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/foundry_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/gnomish_inventor.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/gryphon aviary.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/gryphon_aviary.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/guard_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/human lumber mill.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/human_lumber_mill.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/inventor.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/keep.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/keep.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/mage tower.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/mage_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/oil platform.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/oil_platform.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/oil_platform_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/refinery.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/refinery.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/refinery_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/scout tower.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/scout_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/shipyard.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/shipyard.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/shipyard_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/stables.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/stables.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/buildings/town_hall.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/units/gnomish_submarine.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/human/units/submarine.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/icons.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/neutral/buildings/circle_of_power.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/neutral/buildings/dark portal.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/neutral/buildings/dark_portal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/neutral/buildings/destroyed_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/neutral/buildings/gold_mine.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/neutral/buildings/oil_patch.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/neutral/buildings/runestone.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/neutral/buildings/small_destroyed_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/neutral/units/critter.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/neutral/units/critter.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/altar_of_storms.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/altar_of_storms.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/barracks.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/barracks.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/blacksmith.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/cannon_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/dragon_roost.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/farm.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/fortress.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/fortress.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/foundry.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/foundry_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/goblin_alchemist.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/great hall.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/great_hall.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/guard_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/lumber mill.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/ogre_mound.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/oil platform construction site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/oil_platform.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/oil_platform_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/pig_farm.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/refinery construction site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/refinery.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/refinery.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/refinery_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/shipyard.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/shipyard_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/stronghold.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/stronghold.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/temple of the damned.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/temple_of_the_damned.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/troll_lumber_mill.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/buildings/watch_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/orc/units/giant_turtle.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/swamp.gimp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/swamp.rgb
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/terrain/swamp.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/swamp/terrain/swamp.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/human/buildings/elven_lumber_mill.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/human/buildings/farm.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/human/buildings/farm.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/human/buildings/human lumber mill.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/human/buildings/human_lumber_mill.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/human/buildings/lumber mill.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/human/buildings/oil platform.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/human/buildings/oil well construction site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/human/buildings/oil_platform.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/human/buildings/oil_well_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/human/units/gnomish_submarine.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/human/units/submarine.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/icons.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/neutral/buildings/dark portal.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/neutral/buildings/dark_portal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/neutral/buildings/destroyed site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/neutral/buildings/destroyed_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/neutral/buildings/gold mine.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/neutral/buildings/gold_mine.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/neutral/buildings/oil patch.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/neutral/buildings/oil_patch.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/neutral/buildings/small destroyed site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/neutral/buildings/small_destroyed_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/neutral/buildings/wall.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/neutral/buildings/wall_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/neutral/units/critter.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/neutral/units/critter.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/orc/buildings/farm.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/orc/buildings/lumber mill.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/orc/buildings/oil platform.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/orc/buildings/oil well construction site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/orc/buildings/oil_platform.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/orc/buildings/oil_well_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/orc/buildings/pig_farm.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/orc/buildings/troll_lumber_mill.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/orc/units/giant_turtle.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/terrain/wasteland.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/terrain/wasteland.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/wasteland.gimp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/wasteland/wasteland.rgb
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/alliance lumber mill.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/barracks.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/barracks.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/blacksmith.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/blacksmith.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/cannon tower.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/cannon_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/castle.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/castle.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/church.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/church.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/elven_lumber_mill.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/farm.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/farm.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/foundry construction site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/foundry.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/foundry.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/foundry_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/gnomish_inventor.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/gryphon aviary.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/gryphon_aviary.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/guard tower.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/guard_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/human lumber mill.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/human_lumber_mill.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/inventor.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/keep.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/keep.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/mage tower.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/mage_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/oil platform.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/oil well construction site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/oil_platform.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/oil_well_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/refinery construction site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/refinery.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/refinery.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/refinery_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/scout tower.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/scout_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/shipyard construction site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/shipyard.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/shipyard.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/shipyard_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/stables.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/stables.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/town hall.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/human/buildings/town_hall.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/icons.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/neutral/buildings/dark portal.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/neutral/buildings/dark_portal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/neutral/buildings/destroyed site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/neutral/buildings/destroyed_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/neutral/buildings/gold mine.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/neutral/buildings/gold_mine.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/neutral/buildings/land_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/neutral/buildings/oil patch.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/neutral/buildings/oil_patch.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/neutral/buildings/runestone.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/neutral/buildings/small destroyed site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/neutral/buildings/small_destroyed_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/neutral/buildings/wall.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/neutral/buildings/wall_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/neutral/units/critter.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/neutral/units/critter.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/altar_of_storms.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/altar_of_storms.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/barracks.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/barracks.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/blacksmith.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/cannon_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/dragon_roost.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/farm.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/fortress.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/fortress.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/foundry.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/foundry_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/goblin_alchemist.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/great hall.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/great_hall.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/guard_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/mythical lumber mill.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/ogre_mound.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/oil platform construction site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/oil platform.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/oil well construction site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/oil_platform.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/oil_platform_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/oil_well_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/pig_farm.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/refinery construction site.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/refinery.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/refinery.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/refinery_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/shipyard.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/shipyard_construction_site.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/stronghold.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/stronghold.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/temple of the damned.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/temple_of_the_damned.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/troll_lumber_mill.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/orc/buildings/watch_tower.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/terrain/winter.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/terrain/winter.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/winter.gimp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/tilesets/winter/winter.rgb
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/Credits_background.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/Credits_for_extension_background.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/Credits_for_extension_background.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/Menu_background_with_title.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/Menu_background_without_title.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/Patch.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/bloodlust,haste,slow,invisible,shield.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/bloodlust,haste,slow,invisible,shield.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/buttons 1.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/buttons 2.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/buttons_1.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/buttons_2.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cd-icon.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/credits background.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/arrow E.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/arrow N.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/arrow NE.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/arrow NW.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/arrow S.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/arrow SE.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/arrow SW.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/arrow W.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/arrow_E.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/arrow_N.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/arrow_NE.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/arrow_NW.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/arrow_S.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/arrow_SE.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/arrow_SW.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/arrow_W.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/credits_arrow.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/cross.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/cross.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/hourglass.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/hourglass.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/magnifying glass classic.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/magnifying_glass.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/magnifying_glass.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/magnifying_glass_classic.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/small green cross.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/cursors/small_green_cross.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/fonts/README.fonts
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/fonts/game.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/fonts/game_new.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/fonts/large.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/fonts/large_new.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/fonts/small.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/fonts/small_new.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/food.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/gold,wood,oil,mana.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/health.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/health2.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/640x480/buttonpanel.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/640x480/credit.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/640x480/filler-right.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/640x480/resource.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/640x480/statusline.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/800x480/buttonpanel.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/800x480/credit.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/800x480/filler-right.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/800x480/infopanel.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/800x480/menubutton.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/800x480/minimap.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/800x480/panel_1.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/800x480/panel_2.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/800x480/panel_3.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/800x480/panel_4.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/800x480/panel_5.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/800x480/resource.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/800x480/statusline.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/buttonpanel.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/buttonpanel.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/commandpanel.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/cursors/alliance dont click here classic.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/cursors/alliance gauntlet classic.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/cursors/green eagle.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/cursors/green_eagle.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/cursors/human_dont_click_here.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/cursors/human_dont_click_here_classic.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/cursors/human_gauntlet.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/cursors/human_gauntlet_classic.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/cursors/red eagle.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/cursors/red_eagle.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/cursors/yellow eagle.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/cursors/yellow_eagle.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/defeat.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/filler1.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/filler1.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/infopanel.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/infopanel.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/infopanel2.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/menubutton.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/menubutton.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/minimap.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/minimap.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/minimap2.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/panel 1.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/panel 2.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/panel 3.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/panel 4.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/panel 5.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/panel_1.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/panel_2.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/panel_3.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/panel_4.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/panel_5.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/resource.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/resource.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/statsbar.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/statusline.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/statusline.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/victory.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-grayscale-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-grayscale-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-grayscale-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-large-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-large-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-large-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-medium-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-medium-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-medium-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-small-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-small-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-small-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-thin-medium-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-thin-medium-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-thin-medium-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-thin-small-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-thin-small-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-thin-small-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-verythin-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-verythin-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/button-verythin-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/checkbox-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/checkbox-normal-selected.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/checkbox-normal-unselected.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/checkbox-pressed-selected.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/checkbox-pressed-unselected.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/down-arrow-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/down-arrow-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/down-arrow-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/folder-up-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/folder-up-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/folder-up-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/hslider-bar-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/hslider-bar-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/left-arrow-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/left-arrow-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/left-arrow-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/pulldown-bar-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/pulldown-bar-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/radio-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/radio-normal-selected.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/radio-normal-unselected.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/radio-pressed-selected.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/radio-pressed-unselected.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/right-arrow-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/right-arrow-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/right-arrow-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/slider-knob.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/up-arrow-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/up-arrow-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/up-arrow-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/vslider-bar-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/human/widgets/vslider-bar-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/kindland.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/mana.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/mana2.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/640x480/buttonpanel.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/640x480/filler-right.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/640x480/resource.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/640x480/statusline.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/800x480/buttonpanel.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/800x480/filler-right.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/800x480/infopanel.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/800x480/menubutton.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/800x480/minimap.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/800x480/panel_1.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/800x480/panel_2.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/800x480/panel_3.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/800x480/panel_4.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/800x480/panel_5.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/800x480/resource.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/800x480/statusline.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/buttonpanel.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/buttonpanel.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/cursors/green_crosshairs.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/cursors/orcish claw.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/cursors/orcish_claw.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/cursors/orcish_dont_click_here.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/cursors/red_crosshairs.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/cursors/yellow_crosshairs.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/defeat.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/filler1.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/filler1.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/infopanel.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/infopanel.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/menubutton.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/menubutton.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/minimap.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/minimap.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/panel 1.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/panel 1.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/panel 2.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/panel 3.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/panel 4.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/panel 5.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/panel_1.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/panel_2.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/panel_3.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/panel_4.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/panel_5.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/resource.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/resource.png.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/statusline.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/victory.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-grayscale-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-grayscale-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-grayscale-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-large-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-large-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-large-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-medium-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-medium-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-medium-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-small-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-small-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-small-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-thin-medium-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-thin-medium-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-thin-medium-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-thin-small-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-thin-small-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-thin-small-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-verythin-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-verythin-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/button-verythin-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/checkbox-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/checkbox-normal-selected.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/checkbox-normal-unselected.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/checkbox-pressed-selected.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/checkbox-pressed-unselected.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/down-arrow-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/down-arrow-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/down-arrow-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/folder-up-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/folder-up-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/folder-up-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/hslider-bar-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/hslider-bar-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/left-arrow-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/left-arrow-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/left-arrow-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/pulldown-bar-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/pulldown-bar-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/radio-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/radio-normal-selected.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/radio-normal-unselected.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/radio-pressed-selected.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/radio-pressed-unselected.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/right-arrow-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/right-arrow-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/right-arrow-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/slider-knob.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/up-arrow-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/up-arrow-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/up-arrow-pressed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/vslider-bar-grayed.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/orc/widgets/vslider-bar-normal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/ore,stone,coal.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/score.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/graphics/ui/title.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/fl/(6)canyon-way.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/fl/(6)canyon-way.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/fl/(8)rockfort-arena.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/fl/(8)rockfort-arena.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/fl/(8)rockfort-arena.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(2)forgotten-forest.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(2)forgotten-forest.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(2)forgotten-forest.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(2)less-than-three.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(2)less-than-three.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(2)mushroom-panic.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(2)mushroom-panic.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(2)mushroom-panic.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(2)nicks-duel.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(2)nicks-duel.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(2)nicks-duel.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(2)one-way-through.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(2)one-way-through.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(2)one-way-through.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(4)beethoven-day.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(4)beethoven-day.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(4)beethoven-day.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(4)coastal-crusade.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(4)coastal-crusade.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(4)river-crossing.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(4)river-crossing.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(4)river-crossing.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(4)rockfort-arena.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(4)rockfort-arena.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(4)rockfort-arena.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(4)winter-bloodbath.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(4)winter-bloodbath.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(4)winter-bloodbath.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(5)black-flood.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(5)black-flood.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(5)black-flood.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(8)darius.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(8)darius.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/ftm/(8)darius.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/king/(4)reticle.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/king/(4)reticle.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/king/(4)reticle.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/king/(4)tournament-forest.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/king/(4)tournament-forest.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/king/(4)tournament-forest.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(2)timeless-isle.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(2)timeless-isle.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(4)central-park.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(4)central-park.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(4)central-park.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(4)lake-in-the-middle.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(4)lake-in-the-middle.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(4)lake-in-the-middle.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(6)many-ways-to-rome.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(6)many-ways-to-rome.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(6)many-ways-to-rome.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(7)socotra.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(7)socotra.smp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(7)socotra.sms
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(8)farscape2006.png
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(8)farscape2006.pud
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(8)farscape2006.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(8)farscape2006.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(8)farscape2008.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(8)farscape2008.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/multiplayer/(8)farscape2008.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)blick-nach-oben.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)blick-nach-oben.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)blick-nach-oben.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)east-west-conflict.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)east-west-conflict.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)east-west-conflict.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)east-west-conflict.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)king-in-stone.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)king-in-stone.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)king-in-stone.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)no-mans-land.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)no-mans-land.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)no-mans-land.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)nord-sued-konflikt.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)nord-sued-konflikt.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)nord-sued-konflikt.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)nordische-seenplatte.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)nordische-seenplatte.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)nordische-seenplatte.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)oily-wars.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)oily-wars.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)the-right-strategy.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)the-right-strategy.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)the-right-strategy.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)zeit-fuer-entscheidungen.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)zeit-fuer-entscheidungen.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(2)zeit-fuer-entscheidungen.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)around-the-sea.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)calculate.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)calculate.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)calculate.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)calculate.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)frosty-rescue.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)frosty-rescue.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)frosty-rescue.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)little-ambush.pud.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)little-ambush.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)man-on-the-moon.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)man-on-the-moon.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)man-on-the-moon.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)no-mans-land.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)no-mans-land.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)no-mans-land.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)one-two-three.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)one-two-three.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)one-two-three.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)sea-wars.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)sea-wars.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)three-frontiers.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(3)three-frontiers.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)4-corners.pud.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)4-corners.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)4-isl.pud.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)4-isl.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)arctic-goldrush.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)arctic-goldrush.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)arctic-goldrush.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)chop-the-trees.pud.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)chop-the-trees.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)circle-hill.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)circle-hill.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)circle-hill.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)criss_cross.pud.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)criss_cross2.pud.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)criss_cross2.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)east-lakes.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)east-lakes.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)green-hell.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)green-hell.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)green-hell.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)holy-forest.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)holy-forest.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)holy-forest.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)little-island.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)little-island.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)little-island.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)look-around.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)look-around.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)pathfinders.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)pathfinders.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)pathfinders.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)scandinavia.pud.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)scandinavia.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)smile.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)smile.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)smile.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)smile.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)think-like-your-enemy.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)think-like-your-enemy.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)tournament-continent.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)tournament-continent.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)tournament-continent.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)tournament-forest.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)tournament-forest.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)tournament-forest.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)tournament-islands.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)tournament-islands.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)tournament-islands.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)what-can-you-do.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)what-can-you-do.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)what-can-you-do.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)what-can-you-do.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)woody-islands.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)woody-islands.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)woody-islands.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)you-have-to-look-around.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)you-have-to-look-around.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)you-have-to-look-around.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(4)you-have-to-look-around.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(5)diablospiral.pud.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(5)diablospiral.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(5)many-ways-to-beat.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(5)many-ways-to-beat.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(5)many-ways-to-beat.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(5)many-ways-to-beat.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(5)speed-is-the-key.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(5)speed-is-the-key.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(5)speed-is-the-key.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(5)the-pentagon.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(5)the-pentagon.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(5)the-pentagon.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(5)the-pentagon.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(5)venedig.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(5)venedig.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(5)venedig.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(5)venedig.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(6)all-against-the-floods.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(6)all-against-the-floods.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(6)all-against-the-floods.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(6)all-against-the-floods.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(6)can-you-swim.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(6)can-you-swim.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(6)can-you-swim.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(6)different-ways.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(6)different-ways.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(6)different-ways.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(7)many-frontiers.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(7)many-frontiers.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(7)many-frontiers.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)altar-in-the-middle.pud.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)altar-in-the-middle.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)are-you-lucky.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)are-you-lucky.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)are-you-lucky.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)are-you-lucky.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)death-in-the-rocks.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)death-in-the-rocks.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)death-in-the-rocks.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)diabloarena.pud.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)diabloarena.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)diablodarkwood.pud.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)diablodarkwood.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)diablomaze.pud.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)diablomaze.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)everywhere.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)everywhere.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)fc-deathmatch-plain.pud.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)fc-deathmatch-x.pud.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)oil-is-the-key.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)oil-is-the-key.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)oil-is-the-key.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)roads-to-the-coasts.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)roads-to-the-coasts.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)roads-to-the-coasts.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)roads-to-the-coasts.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)tournament-continent.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)tournament-continent.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)tournament-continent.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)tournament-islands.bmp
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)tournament-islands.smp.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/maps/skirmish/singleplayer/(8)tournament-islands.sms.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Battle 1.mod
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Battle 1.mod.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Battle 1.ogg
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Battle 1.ogg.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Battle 2.ogg
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Battle 2.ogg.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Battle 3.ogg
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Battle 3.ogg.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Battle 4.ogg
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Battle 4.ogg.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Battle 5.mod
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Battle 5.mod.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Battle 5.ogg
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Battle 5.ogg.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Briefing.ogg
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Briefing.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Defeat.ogg
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Defeat.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Victory.ogg
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Human Victory.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Main Menu.ogg
share/games/stratagus/wargus/music/Main Menu.ogg.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/ai.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/ai/ai_jadeite_2010.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/ai/ai_nephrite_2012.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/ai/ai_nephrite_2013.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/ai/ai_redribbon_2012.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/ai/ai_redribbon_2014.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/ai/ai_redribbon_2015.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/ai/ai_zoisite_2013.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/ai/air_attack.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/ai/land_attack.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/ai/names.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/ai/passive.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/ai/sea_attack.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/anim.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/buttons.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/caanoo/buttons.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/caanoo/override.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/caanoo/spells.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/caanoo/units.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/caanoo/upgrade.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/cheats.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/commands.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/constructions.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/database.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/directcontrol.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/editor.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/fonts.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/guichan.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/human/anim.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/human/buttons.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/human/campaign1.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/human/campaign2.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/human/constructions.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/human/ui.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/human/ui_pandora.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/human/ui_tales.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/human/units.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/human/upgrade.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/icons.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/lists/campaigns/Beyond the Dark Portal (Alliance)
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/lists/campaigns/Beyond the Dark Portal (Horde)
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/lists/campaigns/For the Motherland (Alliance)/1. Beachhead
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/lists/campaigns/For the Motherland (Alliance)/2. Witch Hunt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/lists/campaigns/For the Motherland (Alliance)/3. Desert Survival
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/lists/campaigns/For the Motherland (Horde)
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/lists/campaigns/Frontier Force (Alliance)
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/lists/campaigns/Tides of Darkness (Alliance)
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/lists/campaigns/Tides of Darkness (Horde)
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/lists/maps/For the Motherland
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/lists/maps/Front Lines
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/lists/maps/Skirmish Classic
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/lists/maps/Skirmish Modern
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/lists/mods/Wargus
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/menus/campaign.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/menus/compactmode.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/menus/credits.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/menus/diplomacy.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/menus/editor.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/menus/endscenario.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/menus/game.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/menus/help.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/menus/load.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/menus/metaserver.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/menus/network.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/menus/objectives.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/menus/options.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/menus/replay.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/menus/results.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/menus/save.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/missiles.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/multiplayer.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/orc/anim.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/orc/buttons.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/orc/campaign1.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/orc/campaign2.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/orc/constructions.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/orc/ui.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/orc/ui_pandora.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/orc/ui_tales.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/orc/units.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/orc/upgrade.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/scripts.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/sound.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/spells.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/stratagus.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/tilesets/summer.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/tilesets/swamp.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/tilesets/tales/summer.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/tilesets/tales/swamp.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/tilesets/tales/wasteland.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/tilesets/tales/winter.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/tilesets/wargus/summer.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/tilesets/wargus/swamp.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/tilesets/wargus/wasteland.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/tilesets/wargus/winter.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/tilesets/wasteland.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/tilesets/winter.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/translate/ru_RU.po
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/translate/stratagus-ru.po
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/translate/translate.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/ui.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/units.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/upgrade.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/wc2-config.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/wc2.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/scripts/widgets.lua
share/games/stratagus/wargus/shaders/aa-jinc2-sharp.cg.glsl
share/games/stratagus/wargus/shaders/bloom.cg.glsl
share/games/stratagus/wargus/shaders/crt-easymode.cg.glsl
share/games/stratagus/wargus/shaders/crt-reverse-aa.cg.glsl
share/games/stratagus/wargus/shaders/dotmask.cg.glsl
share/games/stratagus/wargus/shaders/tv-highcontrast-hd.cg.glsl
share/games/stratagus/wargus/shaders/xbr-lv2.cg.glsl
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/buildings/blacksmith.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/buildings/blacksmith.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/buildings/foundry.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/buildings/foundry.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/buildings/lumbermill.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/buildings/lumbermill.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/buildings/oil platform.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/buildings/oil refinery.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/buildings/oil_platform.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/buildings/oil_refinery.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/buildings/shipyard.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/buildings/shipyard.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/acknowledgement/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/acknowledgement/copyright.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/annoyed/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/annoyed/5.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/annoyed/6.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/annoyed/7.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/annoyed/copyright.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/copyright.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/dead.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/help/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/help/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/help/copyright.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/selected/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/selected/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/selected/5.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/selected/6.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/selected/copyright.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/basic_voices/work_complete.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/buildings/church.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/buildings/church.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/buildings/farm.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/buildings/gnomish inventor.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/buildings/gnomish_inventor.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/buildings/gryphon aviary.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/buildings/gryphon_aviary.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/buildings/human farm.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/buildings/mage tower.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/buildings/mage_tower.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/buildings/stables.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/buildings/stables.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/capture.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/capture.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/rescue.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/rescue.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/ships/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/ships/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/ships/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/ships/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/ships/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/ships/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/ships/gnomish_submarine/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/ships/gnomish_submarine/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/ships/gnomish_submarine/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/ships/gnomish_submarine/annoyed/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/ships/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/ships/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/ships/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/ships/selected/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/alleria/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/alleria/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/alleria/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/alleria/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/alleria/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/alleria/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/alleria/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/alleria/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/alleria/selected/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/danath/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/danath/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/danath/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/danath/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/danath/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/danath/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/danath/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/danath/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/danath/selected/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/dwarven_demolition_squad/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/dwarven_demolition_squad/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/dwarven_demolition_squad/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/dwarven_demolition_squad/acknowledgement/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/dwarven_demolition_squad/acknowledgement/5.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/dwarven_demolition_squad/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/dwarven_demolition_squad/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/dwarven_demolition_squad/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/dwarven_demolition_squad/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/dwarven_demolition_squad/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/dwarven_demolition_squad/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/elven_archer-ranger/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/elven_archer-ranger/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/elven_archer-ranger/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/elven_archer-ranger/acknowledgement/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/elven_archer-ranger/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/elven_archer-ranger/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/elven_archer-ranger/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/elven_archer-ranger/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/elven_archer-ranger/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/elven_archer-ranger/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/elven_archer-ranger/selected/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/elven_archer-ranger/selected/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/gnomish_flying_machine/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/gnomish_flying_machine/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/gnomish_flying_machine/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/gnomish_flying_machine/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/gnomish_flying_machine/annoyed/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/gnomish_flying_machine/annoyed/5.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/gnomish_flying_machine/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/gryphon_rider/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/gryphon_rider/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/gryphon_rider/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/khadgar/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/khadgar/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/khadgar/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/khadgar/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/khadgar/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/khadgar/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/khadgar/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/khadgar/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/khadgar/selected/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/knight/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/knight/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/knight/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/knight/acknowledgement/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/knight/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/knight/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/knight/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/knight/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/knight/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/knight/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/knight/selected/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/knight/selected/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/kurdan/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/kurdan/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/kurdan/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/kurdan/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/kurdan/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/kurdan/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/kurdan/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/kurdan/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/kurdan/selected/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/mage/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/mage/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/mage/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/mage/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/mage/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/mage/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/mage/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/mage/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/mage/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/mage/selected/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/paladin/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/paladin/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/paladin/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/paladin/acknowledgement/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/paladin/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/paladin/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/paladin/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/paladin/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/paladin/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/paladin/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/paladin/selected/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/paladin/selected/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/acknowledgement/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/annoyed/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/annoyed/5.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/annoyed/6.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/annoyed/7.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/attack.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/copyright.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/selected/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/selected/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/peasant/work_complete.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/turalyon/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/turalyon/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/turalyon/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/turalyon/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/turalyon/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/turalyon/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/turalyon/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/turalyon/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/human/units/turalyon/selected/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/building construction.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/building_construction.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/building_explosion/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/building_explosion/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/building_explosion/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/building_explosion/explosion 1.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/building_explosion/explosion 2.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/building_explosion/explosion 3.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/burning.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/burning.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/docking.wav.gz.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/explosion.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/explosion.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/transport_docking.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/tree_chopping/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/tree_chopping/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/tree_chopping/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/tree_chopping/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/tree_chopping/tree chopping 1.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/tree_chopping/tree chopping 2.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/tree_chopping/tree chopping 3.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/misc/tree_chopping/tree chopping 4.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/axe throw.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/axe_throw.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/bow hit.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/bow throw.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/bow_hit.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/bow_throw.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/catapult ballista attack.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/catapult-ballista_attack.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/fireball hit.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/fireball throw.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/fireball_hit.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/fireball_throw.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/fist.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/fist.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/punch.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/punch.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/sword_attack/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/sword_attack/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/sword_attack/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/sword_attack/sword attack 1.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/sword_attack/sword attack 2.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/missiles/sword_attack/sword attack 3.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/neutral/buildings/gold mine.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/neutral/buildings/gold_mine.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/neutral/units/pig/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/neutral/units/pig/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/neutral/units/seal/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/neutral/units/seal/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/neutral/units/sheep/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/neutral/units/sheep/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/neutral/units/warthog/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/neutral/units/warthog/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/acknowledgement/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/annoyed/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/annoyed/5.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/annoyed/6.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/annoyed/7.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/dead.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/help/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/help/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/selected/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/selected/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/selected/5.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/selected/6.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/basic_voices/work_complete.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/buildings/altar of storms.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/buildings/altar_of_storms.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/buildings/dragon roost.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/buildings/dragon_roost.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/buildings/goblin alchemist.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/buildings/goblin_alchemist.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/buildings/ogre mound.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/buildings/ogre_mound.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/buildings/pig farm.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/buildings/pig_farm.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/buildings/temple of the damned.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/buildings/temple_of_the_damned.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/capture.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/capture.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/peon/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/rescue.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/rescue.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/ships/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/ships/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/ships/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/ships/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/ships/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/ships/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/ships/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/ships/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/ships/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/ships/selected/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/death_knight/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/death_knight/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/death_knight/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/death_knight/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/death_knight/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/death_knight/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/death_knight/copyright.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/death_knight/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/death_knight/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/death_knight/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/dragon/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/dragon/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/dragon/copyright.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/dragon/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/dragon/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/goblin_sappers/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/goblin_sappers/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/goblin_sappers/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/goblin_sappers/acknowledgement/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/goblin_sappers/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/goblin_sappers/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/goblin_sappers/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/goblin_sappers/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/goblin_sappers/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/goblin_sappers/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/goblin_sappers/selected/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/goblin_sappers/selected/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/goblin_zeppelin/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/goblin_zeppelin/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/goblin_zeppelin/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/goblin_zeppelin/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre-mage/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre-mage/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre-mage/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre-mage/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre-mage/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre-mage/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre-mage/copyright.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre-mage/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre-mage/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre-mage/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre-mage/selected/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre-mage/selected/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre/annoyed/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre/annoyed/5.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre/copyright.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre/selected/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre/selected/4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre/selected/selected 1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre/selected/selected 2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre/selected/selected 3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/ogre/selected/selected 4.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/troll_axethrower-berserker/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/troll_axethrower-berserker/acknowledgement/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/troll_axethrower-berserker/acknowledgement/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/troll_axethrower-berserker/annoyed/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/troll_axethrower-berserker/annoyed/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/troll_axethrower-berserker/annoyed/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/troll_axethrower-berserker/ready.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/troll_axethrower-berserker/selected/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/troll_axethrower-berserker/selected/2.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/orc/units/troll_axethrower-berserker/selected/3.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/ships/sinking.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/ships/tanker/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/basic spell sound.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/basic_spell_sound.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/blizzard.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/blizzard.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/bloodlust.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/bloodlust.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/death and decay.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/death and decay.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/death coil.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/death_and_decay.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/death_coil.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/exorcism.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/exorcism.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/eye of vision.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/eye_of_kilrogg.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/flame_shield.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/flame_shield.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/haste.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/haste.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/healing.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/healing.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/holy vision.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/holy_vision.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/invisibility.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/invisibility.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/lightning.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/lightning.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/polymorph.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/polymorph.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/slow.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/slow.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/touch of darkness.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/touch of darkness.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/touch_of_darkness.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/unholy armour.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/unholy_armor.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/whirlwind.txt
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/spells/whirlwind.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/ui/click.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/ui/highclick.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/ui/placement_error.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/ui/placement_success.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/units/catapult-ballista/acknowledgement/1.wav.gz
share/games/stratagus/wargus/sounds/units/catapult-ballista/acknowledgement/acknowledgement 1.txt
share/pixmaps/wargus.png
