$NetBSD$

Support Darwin/aarch64, from https://github.com/Homebrew/formula-patches.

--- gcc/doc/invoke.texi
+++ gcc/doc/invoke.texi
@@ -732,7 +732,7 @@ Objective-C and Objective-C++ Dialects}.
 -freg-struct-return  -fshort-enums  -fshort-wchar
 -fverbose-asm  -fpack-struct[=@var{n}]
 -fleading-underscore  -ftls-model=@var{model}
--fstack-reuse=@var{reuse_level}
+-fstack-reuse=@var{reuse_level} -fstack-use-cumulative-args
 -ftrampolines -ftrampoline-impl=@r{[}stack@r{|}heap@r{]}
 -ftrapv  -fwrapv
 -fvisibility=@r{[}default@r{|}internal@r{|}hidden@r{|}protected@r{]}
@@ -954,7 +954,7 @@ Objective-C and Objective-C++ Dialects}.
 -twolevel_namespace  -umbrella  -undefined
 -unexported_symbols_list  -weak_reference_mismatches
 -whatsloaded  -F  -gused  -gfull  -mmacosx-version-min=@var{version}
--mkernel  -mone-byte-bool}
+-mkernel  -mone-byte-bool -munreachable-traps}

 @emph{DEC Alpha Options}
 @gccoptlist{-mno-fp-regs  -msoft-float
@@ -19132,6 +19132,17 @@ the behavior of older compilers in which temporaries' stack space is
 not reused, the aggressive stack reuse can lead to runtime errors. This
 option is used to control the temporary stack reuse optimization.

+@opindex fstack_use_cumulative_args
+@item -fstack-use-cumulative-args
+This option instructs the compiler to use the
+@code{cumulative_args_t}-based stack layout target hooks,
+@code{TARGET_FUNCTION_ARG_BOUNDARY_CA} and
+@code{TARGET_FUNCTION_ARG_ROUND_BOUNDARY_CA}. If a given target does
+not define these hooks, the default behaviour is to fallback to using
+the standard non-@code{_CA} variants instead. Certain targets (such as
+AArch64 Darwin) require using the more advanced @code{_CA}-based
+hooks: For these targets this option should be enabled by default.
+
 @opindex ftrapv
 @item -ftrapv
 This option generates traps for signed overflow on addition, subtraction,
@@ -25148,6 +25159,11 @@ without that switch.  Using this switch may require recompiling all
 other modules in a program, including system libraries.  Use this
 switch to conform to a non-default data model.

+@opindex munreachable-traps
+@item -munreachable-traps
+Causes @code{__builtin_unreachable} to be rendered as a trap.  This is the
+default for all Darwin architectures.
+
 @opindex mfix-and-continue
 @opindex ffix-and-continue
 @opindex findirect-data
