The xint bundle main modules are: xinttools utilities of
independent interest such as expandable and non-expandable
loops, xintcore expandable macros implementing addition,
subtraction, multiplication, division, and powers for
arbitrarily long integers, xint extension of xintcore, xintfrac
extends the scope of xint to decimal numbers, to numbers using
scientific notation and also to (exact) fractions, xintexpr
provides expandable parsers of numeric expressions using the
standard infix notations, parentheses, built-in functions, user
definable functions and variables (and more ...) which do
either exact evaluations (also with fractions) or floating
point evaluations under a user chosen precision. Further
modules of the bundle are: xintkernel (support macros for all
the bundle constituents), xintbinhex (conversion to and from
hexadecimal and binary bases), xintgcd (provides gcd() and
lcm() functions to xintexpr), xintseries (evaluates numerically
partial sums of series and power series with fractional
coefficients), and xintcfrac (dedicated to the computation and
display of continued fractions). All computations are
compatible with expansion-only context. The packages may be
used with Plain TeX, LaTeX, or (a priori) any other macro
format built upon TeX.
